Added 98 landmarks detection net. Added script to accuracy checker fo… (#2457)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: tools/accuracy_checker/accuracy_checker/annotation_converters/README.md

  * `label` - the dataset label which will be used for attributes collection (e.g. if your dataset contains 2 labels: `face` and `person` and you want recognise attributes for face, you should use `face` as value for this parameter).
* `cvat_age_gender` -  converts [CVAT XML annotation version 1.1](https://openvinotoolkit.github.io/cvat/docs/for-developers/xml_format/) format for images which represent dataset for age gender recognition to `ContainerAnnotation` with `ClassificationAnnotation` for gender recognition, `ClassificationAnnotation` for age classification and `RegeressionAnnotation` for age regression. The identifiers for representations following: `gender_annotation`, `age_class_annotation`, `age_regression_annotation`.
  * `annotation_file` - path to xml file in appropriate format.

> * `coco_facial_landmarks` - converts landmarks dataset in Coco format to `Face98LandmarksAnnotation`.
>   * `annotation_file` - path to dataset annotation file in Coco format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `coco_facial_landmarks` - converts landmarks dataset in COCO format to `Face98LandmarksAnnotation`.
  * `annotation_file` - path to dataset annotation file in COCO format
```

* `cvat_age_gender` -  converts [CVAT XML annotation version 1.1](https://openvinotoolkit.github.io/cvat/docs/manual/advanced/xml_format/) format for images which represent dataset for age gender recognition to `ContainerAnnotation` with `ClassificationAnnotation` for gender recognition, `ClassificationAnnotation` for age classification and `RegeressionAnnotation` for age regression. The identifiers for representations following: `gender_annotation`, `age_class_annotation`, `age_regression_annotation`.
  * `annotation_file` - path to xml file in appropriate format.
* `cvat_facial_landmarks` - converts [CVAT XML annotation version 1.1](https://openvinotoolkit.github.io/cvat/docs/manual/advanced/xml_format/) format for images to `FacialLandmarksAnnotation`.
* `coco_facial_landmarks` - converts landmarks dataset in Coco format to `Face98LandmarksAnnotation`.
  * `annotation_file` - path to dataset annotation file in Coco format
* `coco_facial_landmarks` - converts landmarks dataset in COCO format to `Face98LandmarksAnnotation`.
  * `annotation_file` - path to dataset annotation file in COCO format

> * `cvat_facial_landmarks` - converts [CVAT XML annotation version 1.1](https://openvinotoolkit.github.io/cvat/docs/for-developers/xml_format/) format for images to `FacialLandmarksAnnotation`.

Reviewer 2: link is dead
```suggestion
* `cvat_facial_landmarks` - converts [CVAT XML annotation version 1.1](https://openvinotoolkit.github.io/cvat/docs/manual/advanced/xml_format) format for images to `FacialLandmarksAnnotation`.
```
